you authorities that with fear
the delay in the transfer of this person
wound to a hospital
originated the protest and the confrontation
between this group of people and the
firefighters company 78
to tell the witnesses the old man who
was hit by this truck
he remained on hold this transferred more
40 minutes
of many a life
and friends were you can take us
how could
you do not need friends
and art to the patrolman so that you soul
I want friend you as a policeman
According to witnesses, the identified male
how Andre Ambrosio sees her for 85 years
was launched by this vehicle when
I tried to cross the andres avenue
avelino cáceres recklessly
not so much I did not want to cross no more
Experiencing presents blows and wounds in
various parts of the body caused
by the hits against the asphalt then
from being run over
the driver of the vehicle that ran over
the old man was moved with his
truck to the police station of the sector and
Andre Ambrosio at the Hospital Honorio
thin